Bluetooth: Mesh: Shell: Refactor shell menu struct (#9081)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`bt_mesh` library:

>   * Mesh shell module: Changed mesh shell module structure. All mesh model commands is now located under "mesh models" in the shell menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Bluetooth mesh client models updated to reflect the changed mesh shell module structure.
    All Bluetooth mesh model commands are now located under **mesh models** in the shell menu.
```
